---
layout: post
title: "New Year"
date: 2017-12-31
tags: blog other
---
Happy New Year everyone! This year has been an... interesting one for me. It has been both one of the worst and one of the best years of my life. In fact these two divide the year into more or less two halves. I lost my dog, whom I loved dearly, in February to cancer and my grandmother died suddenly in April. That, compounded with stress from school, made the first half of the year one of the worst, if not the worst, of my life. However, in about July or August, I just began coming to peace with myself and my emotions, meaing that my inner turmoils were greatly lessened. Not having both my grandmother and dog still hurts, but, for some reason, I just constantly have this feeling of peace. This offset has helped make the later half of 2017 one of the best for me personally.
Politically, this year has been, frankly, incredibly shit. Between Trump doing whatever the fuck he feels like at the moment, to the rise of the racist ("alt-right") politics into the mainstream.
Anyway, depressing bit over, now let's talk about resolutions. While I don't usually make resolutions, as I am worse than the people who constantly get gym memberships at the beginning of the year and then just stop going at keeping them, I figured I may as well make some this year. In no particular order other than the order I thought of them in, here they are:
<ul>
<li>Post here regularly, using the schedule I laid out in the previous post</li>
<li>Actually finish and release one game this year</li>
<li>Start posting on YouTube again</li>
<li>Become better at managing stress</li>
<li>Continue learning to play guitar</li>
<li>Start drawing again</li>
<li>Waste less of my time rewatching random YouTube videos</li>
<li>Get better at editing</li>
<li>Stop being so lazy about making the comic</li>
<li>Begin exercising regularly</li>
</ul>
That is all that I can come up with for the moment. Thank you for reading this and for the support throughout 2017. I hope to continue this through 2018. 'Till next year (aka a minute, as it is 1 minute to midnight UTC as I am writing this).
