---
layout: post
title: "Verdun Game"
date: 2017-03-26
tags: blog review
---
So, over the past few days, since I got it with the Humble Bundle, I have been playing quite a bit of the game Verdun and absolutely loving it. As of writing this, I have so far put in 10 hours, which is quite a bit for me.
My thoughts are as follows: it is a great game, if you want an accurate game for World War I. However, if you are expecting Battlefield 1, you will be severely disappointed, as it is not arcadey really. Some examples of this are that you die in 1 hit almost every time, a large amount of your time will be spent in trenches, and artillery is absolutely vicious. Also, enemies can't be marked by teammates, only by recon planes. However, there are some things that I dislike, such as the squad progression, which I do not understand in the slightest. Also, there isn't any bullet drop at all as far as I can tell. Also, there are very few people on at some points, such as the morning for me. Just before writing this I tried to get into a multiplayer game, and there were a total of about 50 people online. However, at peak times there are near 200 people online, meaning you can find a very large game then.
In total, I would give it a solid 7 out of 10, with a 5 being an average and 10 being completely perfect. I would recommend this game to people who want an accurate World War I game.
<iframe src="https://store.steampowered.com/widget/242860/28512/" frameborder="0" width="646" height="190"></iframe>
